
This is the readme of the freetype.hqx archive in the contrib/mac
subdirectory.  Please note that the FreeType team does *not* support the
Macintosh platform due to lack of knowledge.  All questions regarding the
code should be sent to both David Williss and the freetype-devel list.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------


These are CodeWarrior projects for building the FreeType library on a Macintosh
I've only provided PPC projects here, but building for 68K shouldn't be hard.
There are two directories here (OK, "folders").  One contains a project for
building freetype.ppc.lib and the other is for freetype.ppc.dll.  (I havn't
actually tested the DLL yet.)

The Macintosh stores TrueType fonts in a "Fonts" folder under the "System"
folder.  There is a standard MacOS API for finding this folder, so I use it.
However, the fonts aren't normal flat files.  They have all the data in
resources in the resource fork.  Each font is an 'sfnt' resource, and each
file can have more than one 'sfnt' resource.  

To get at them, I made a copy of ttmmap.c from the Unix implementation and
modified it to load/release the resource and lock/unlock the handle as needed.
This only required a change to the open and close functions.  After that, it
works just as if it was using Unix memory mapping.

One thing however.  Because of the bizarre scheme for storing the fonts, I
made up a way of specifying the font filename.  

	fonts:/fontfile/fontname
	
Where fonts:/ is a literal string that means "the fonts folder", fontfile is
the name of the actual file and fontname is the name of the 'sfnt' resource.
Currently, this is the only thing it understands.  It might be nice if some
day (2.0 maybe?) ttfile.c and ttmmap.c wern't mutialy exclusive and it could
decide which method to use based on the filename or something.

Another thing that I had to change to make this work.  It seems that Macintosh
TrueType fonts have no OS/2 table, so ttload.c needs to be modified to make
that nonfatal, at least on a Macintosh.

---

David Williss
MicroImages, Inc.
dwilliss@microimages.com
